Updated the Vue quickstart in the docs (#129)
teamhanko/docs: quickstarts/frontend/vue.mdx

```jsx src/components/LogoutButton.vue
  <script setup lang="ts">
    import { useRouter } from "vue-router";
    import { Hanko } from "@teamhanko/hanko-elements";

    const hankoApi = import.meta.env.VITE_HANKO_API_URL;

    const router = useRouter();
    const hanko = new Hanko(hankoApi);

    const logout = () => {
      hanko.logout().catch((error) => {
        // handle error
        console.log(error)
      })
      router.push("/")//Path user will be redirected to after logging out
    }
  </script>

  <template>
    <button @click="logout">Logout</button>
  </template>
```

Lets add this component to our `DashboardView` just like this:

```jsx src/views/DashboardView.vue
<script setup lang="ts">
  import HankoProfile from '../components/HankoProfile.vue'
  import LogoutButton from '../components/LogoutButton.vue'
</script>

<template>
  <main>
    <HankoProfile/>
    <LogoutButton/>
  </main>
</template>
```

## Customize component styles

You can customize the appearance of `hanko-auth` and `hanko-profile` components using CSS variables and parts. Refer to our [customization guide](/guides/hanko-elements/customize-appearance).

## Securing routes

> To secure our routes we can await a fetch request to a running [Hanko Backend](/quickstarts/backend/node) to validate our hanko cookie token.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To secure our routes we should validate the session token at the backend. Please refer to our [backend guides](/quickstarts/backend).
```
